Ian Hatcher: Alright, and welcome again to the third day of.
Ian Hatcher: The arts program for yellows 2118 I think.
Ian Hatcher: I think I had on my okay.
Ian Hatcher: um.
Ian Hatcher: let's see I just threw myself a little bit I wanted to just begin, as I did before, but thinking, the other members of the performance Community Claire DONATO astro to insulin and kenzo to who who helped quite a bit of this process, as well as everybody else involved with the conference.
Ian Hatcher: We have we just had on Chris for Russia with a live performance that was purely live and now we're going to continue on with a continuation.
Ian Hatcher: From yesterday Oh, I also wanted to mention that it is possible that we may have a surprise performance today.
Ian Hatcher: I got a notification from my landlord that he intended to come by and drop in sometime during this hour into my apartment and I replied and suggested, perhaps a different time would be better, but i'm not sure that he won't actually just appear behind me at any time.
Ian Hatcher: So I hope that's of some kind of electronic or literary interest if that does happen um but maybe also just have my my camera off at that moment, if it happens.
Ian Hatcher: So first up and the live recorded live program we have daria Petrova and company continuing from yesterday with freedom is freedom is freedom is freedom story, are you ready.
Daria Petrova: Yes, thank you i'm ready so with evening i'm happy to see you all here today actually just me without company company, we said yesterday.
Daria Petrova: So yesterday with all the live performance at the telegram job.
Daria Petrova: Everybody who we could participate in these and those kinds of.
Daria Petrova: dream work as dreams and participants.
Daria Petrova: receive some tasks for me to click on chat and so on the show is there.
Daria Petrova: Is a participant here from yesterday's performance, so please raise your hand.
Daria Petrova: I like to see how many of you here so i'm actually not.
Daria Petrova: Not so much in the context of this show discussion because I would like to speak with you about.
Daria Petrova: chat poetry and.
Daria Petrova: it's extremely interesting for me know your opinion to this question and.
Daria Petrova: If you let me, I have some questions to to all of us so.
Daria Petrova: What do you think about chat poetry there, we feel that it could be capacious creative to or not so, and if you know some art pieces just general, I will be very grateful for sharing with me.
Daria Petrova: So.
Daria Petrova: If you.
Daria Petrova: If you know, please share it with me.
Daria Petrova: yeah you can you can share it in chat so.
Daria Petrova: i'll also be grateful for sharing your mind about yesterday's walk and our chat conversation or communication so maybe way short impressions and your feelings about.
Daria Petrova: All this experience.
Daria Petrova: Oh long think have enjoyed it.
Daria Petrova: Thank you.
Daria Petrova: So.
Daria Petrova: My invitation vision was to give the participants sense of freedom and involve.
Daria Petrova: Your inner child and there are two to get out of everyday life so.
Daria Petrova: Did you feel something like this, or it was you know just some annoying and very strange tasks for me, one of the task was to put your head on the ground and to hear what the sounds and fair by voice message.
Daria Petrova: Oh.
Daria Petrova: Oh, thank you.
Daria Petrova: yeah.
Daria Petrova: one.
Daria Petrova: More point of.
Daria Petrova: discussion was.
Daria Petrova: don't have that on my phone oh yeah.
Daria Petrova: um one more my question was that about.
Daria Petrova: time for the fast, was it enough or it wasn't enough for you how did you feel it was too fast or too slow.
Daria Petrova: When they came home, thank you for sharing.
Daria Petrova: Oh, thank you for example and.
Daria Petrova: How do you feel if you are taking part in such fans of improvisation telegram chat if you are making business growth phase, the profession, at the time, just to be prepared with some media files and so on, or is better.
Daria Petrova: You know, to make life photos and videos, how do you feel it.
Daria Petrova: didn't prepare okay.
Daria Petrova: yeah yes mark, thank you for 300 steps to mind and yet I just wish to you know, to give you some earth without cream just roll can do people feel we have telegraph's at.
Daria Petrova: South hall okay.
Daria Petrova: Okay, thank you.
Daria Petrova: So maybe.
Daria Petrova: Maybe you could share with me some.
Daria Petrova: Some proposals or restart my intention, both material thinking about your inner freedom and.
Daria Petrova: If you have some idea how to.
Daria Petrova: To make this choice small wide for charities me and.
Daria Petrova: You have some experience in chat poetry and show this is.
Daria Petrova: My profession general, so please do it and.
Daria Petrova: I think I will wait some examples, and so in this room chat so thank you for yeah.
Daria Petrova: Marcus, I think, maybe might be nice to have some form.
Daria Petrova: bonds with each other for.
Daria Petrova: It it's nice idea.
Daria Petrova: It may be.
Daria Petrova: You know, makes this more so each communication yeah not not only me like not like i'm a chalkboard.
Daria Petrova: We start the fields of communication is not be interesting.
Daria Petrova: So thank you so much, if you have more ideas or examples, or you would like to share your screen and we'll be happy to see in chat Oh, thank you and.
Daria Petrova: thanks for your attention again.
Daria Petrova: I think that's why so have a good discussion in this style of charges over so thank you so much for participation for your opinion and.
Daria Petrova: For your calls.
Daria Petrova: Please, the.
Daria Petrova: Show busy maybe here or in Facebook you're both chapter 16 because it's one of my favorite then.
Ian Hatcher: hit all right, do you want to.
Ian Hatcher: there's a video that you sent me that was translated do you want to, if you could share your screen just showed us a little tiny bit of that maybe it's not up, yet I would i'm working on getting into the gallery site there's a bit of an.
Ian Hatcher: Operation so.
yeah.
Daria Petrova: Thank you, first edition, I will share to.
Daria Petrova: me and my.
Daria Petrova: Students from the.
Daria Petrova: With the poet, the laboratory insensitive dog.
Daria Petrova: Before we have this performance, maybe Moscow and we have documentation, I will show you just.
Daria Petrova: Some some pieces.
Daria Petrova: yeah just second title open.
Ian Hatcher: Not hearing any system sound, is it is should there be sound right now.
erik zepka: You need to tick the box.
erik zepka: On the bottom left when.
erik zepka: You screen share to allow some systems.
don't put on your shoes.
Ian Hatcher: Did you make it full screen on your screen I think that'd make it a little.
Ian Hatcher: Under the.
Ian Hatcher: message.
Hello my eyes and sheila was.
Still.
Computer.
faces my phone.
put on your shoes and go outside.
And maybe I should know.
I see.
I see a rainbow I see it.
wait for a while, next to the door I think carefully, why not run despite why.
Seven board.
I wouldn't want to go so.
wrong.
platform for what is after that.
Compulsory call read 19 prevention don't neighbors about it.
Okay.
Daria Petrova: So, despite this limitation for the minutes, so the first from to us about.
Daria Petrova: one hour and 30 minutes, so we yesterday, you will likely to take on the 40 minutes for of performance.
Daria Petrova: So.
Daria Petrova: From my point, it would be interesting to.
Daria Petrova: search.
Daria Petrova: telegram chat is a creative tool and try such experiments again in the day, so thank you again for your attention.
Ian Hatcher: Wonderful Thank you daria and that the video that I was just showing will appear in the performance gallery it's not there yet, but it will be there.
tomorrow.
Ian Hatcher: and
Ian Hatcher: Again, for everyone to URL of that gallery just so you have it, because it also has additional context for our other performances and projects is there, it is in the chat so next up, we have Dana Larsen of much beloved figure yellow with chronic dina are you all set.
Deena Larsen: I am all set, and I can share my screen.
Ian Hatcher: let's see if this works.
Deena Larsen: People seeing rainbow glasses.
Katie Schaag: Yes.
Deena Larsen: Yes, okay lovely.
Deena Larsen: And shout out to Kevin o'brien, who is here, and the Georgia tech students and my deep apologies, I only have 10 minutes, and we do have a prototype.
Deena Larsen: But it didn't quite fit I wasn't quite confident of it, so this will not be in the exhibit, but we will get there, eventually.
Deena Larsen: This is chronic my personal xanadu.
Deena Larsen: And it is written in both English simple version chronic and rose the complex reading here is a see surprise unexpectedness the age of joy and sorrow intermingled with the painful memories, on top of the good ones oh positive intersecting the end of highest truth.
Deena Larsen: shattered by my love and I in time together the see again unconventional.
Deena Larsen: This is chronic.
Deena Larsen: It is written somewhat in rose language about 10 to 20 50% and in grows every letter in the Roman alphabet has a particular meaning a surprise to it.
Deena Larsen: And every one of those has two to 16 different symbols that you can use to describe a variation on that so D, for example, is middle or close or far oh good or bad and I developed this language as a code, when I was in high school, so no one could read my journal, and my dear love.
Deena Larsen: She wanted me to publish it so i'm still trying, I promise that sometime I will get this.
Deena Larsen: Margie Larson What a wonderful woman anyway, this is a memoir and 193 written handwritten pages Julian jewels channeling has helped me.
Deena Larsen: Marjorie LUSA brink and stephanie told me to write it and honestly you guys I am it's just taking me a lot longer than we thought it would and.
Deena Larsen: Then you can click on any of the handwritten pages to see the art, so I bought that we would go through one of them, which is 125 I think i'm Ted Nelson.
Deena Larsen: And we have a prototype yay that rotates the page it's insane it seems out and it selects.
Deena Larsen: So you can click on any of these links and we're texting shimmer and you can click on them.
Deena Larsen: This one no then becomes right side up.
Deena Larsen: For those of you with paper quarters, I am Ted Nelson to the first words I ever heard him speak in 1993 but there's also a shadow of rows and I wanted to read that complex forge to use the F finite touchy grinning but that he well time out of time.
Deena Larsen: To the O positive em a gentle energy, but you not understanding the word this forget also T.
Deena Larsen: impossible.
Deena Larsen: Of or or have good memories with joy and sorrow tape ilan pass coming into the end of deception recorders reporters the T possible but the p angry.
Deena Larsen: And i'm just going to read this you do have in the real one, a way to read, simple and complex and to tell you how long i've been working on this, I recorded all of the simple and complex in South Africa in 2016.
Deena Larsen: we're working on it.
Deena Larsen: I first met Ted Nelson at the 1993 acm hypertext Conference in Seattle, I can't remember that he passed, the topic we were fiercely debating but Ted Nelson strode into the room and let us know who he was before he gave his piece the p of anger.
Deena Larsen: I quoted from literary machines in my thesis sharing in his dream of text context that could be so much more than a string of words on a page rage or later, a string bring of words worlds on a screen, one after the other.
Deena Larsen: Since my first encounter with Ted i'd heard him speak, perhaps a dozen times I hear hear heart and T impossible is paying P of anger that we, the he.
Deena Larsen: If, then, a long time ago, could the D of distance have done so much, we could have recharge recharge changed the way humanity thinks reacts and.
Deena Larsen: We didn't.
Deena Larsen: i've always been intrigued by types ideas so at the trace conference in 2004 I went up to ted's latest venture after his talk as well.
Deena Larsen: This works well w of strength here ah of joy, but this breaks are painful memories leaks K oh give up already so change here sadness and if you did this, you could get this but see how much this piece doesn't mesh year now, our actual talk with some much more technical.
Deena Larsen: But night in Nottingham Ted and I stayed close closeted to his computer figuring out the ankles.
Deena Larsen: Now Ted records and videos every moment movement T possible and impossible have a finite his life and his has faults faults of these past notes.
Deena Larsen: It is a one to T impossible one mapping and I don't T impossible know if anyone will aspire spend and spire higher their time their life time em too much energy going through so.
Deena Larsen: He asked about materials and took a picture and video I told him about my decision process developed for my government job where teams figure out needs options and resources and arrive at mutually agreeable plans of actions.
Deena Larsen: So tech gets me in his car care to me to software development team that night at a more in the others and we spend the entire night um it's notes and broken coffee makers of pizza crust and hardware and machines and his team comes up with an entire new plan planet.
Deena Larsen: tennis impressed him stressed with how his plan comes together and tells me to go into business with my decision making consulting.
Deena Larsen: yeah I decided to follow ted's T impossible he time out of time D so damn distant nelson's advice.
Deena Larsen: So I wanted to business so change selling telling the G fat my decision process to a wide variety of businesses, my business model model failed utterly muttered.
Deena Larsen: I am not a good salesperson P of anger I rebel reveal in ideas ideals, not in dollars, and I could not get she said he time out of time to impossible, the hang of the profits and loss, so I lost my savings, savings as well.
Deena Larsen: Now the irony, the why so deeply vulnerable of following ted's advice life has never left me ideas before their time be at Zanna do D so distant and you so in comprehensible or rational rationale decision making are never profitable and I can only imagine the bitterness.
Deena Larsen: The order oh so negative a her painful memories D close yet so far he time well out of normal time are again so painful to remind us of magnitude magnificence bitterness, the S of change.
Deena Larsen: The Ted must feel.
Deena Larsen: So that's my little vignette about chronic and chronic has started um.
Deena Larsen: We have the working prototype I really need a bit more help to make this a real reality we've gone so far we've done more progresses here.
Deena Larsen: Then we have in 13 years oh my God i'm so we're past the abandoned where we're basically into the vaporware yeah we could make this work where and we're into the github.
Deena Larsen: Development where i'm which has helped a lot and the people who have made this possible are Georgia tech.
Deena Larsen: A print screen this so that you get katie shags email because she can help you get a Georgia tech application for your own work, but justin abundant and.
Deena Larsen: Hassan, and he provided Mitchell and Kevin have worked so hard this year in getting me something I don't dare show because does break a bit and.
Deena Larsen: You know I don't know if we have any time for questions or if i've gone over my time.
Ian Hatcher: We have a little bit of time.
Ian Hatcher: If anyone little bit.
Deena Larsen: But we have a question yeah let me know.
Deena Larsen: And also, many of you have had have had we had right there their names in rose language, if you email me.
Deena Larsen: We can do that, we have a Bot that doesn't quite work that will also translate things into roads and.
Deena Larsen: i'm not i'm not looking all the way down to come at the chat sorry.
Deena Larsen: Yes, it was incredible that the GT students were able to help me with this amazing presence.
Deena Larsen: And katie has her email in the chat and.
Deena Larsen: Again, I do want to say this book is huge part of the issue is, you know have somebody who's willing to work for what I can barely pay them on a government salary I my hands don't work well, so I do need help.
Deena Larsen: Getting all of these into svg code it's going to be out to the 400 hours worth of work.
Deena Larsen: So, yes we're not quite at the full realization yet katie, but we are so much closer Thank you Kevin, who is here yay.
Deena Larsen: And katie Thank you.
Deena Larsen: I guess i'll end with that Thank you.
Deena Larsen: yeah never be a pioneer it's too painful.
Deena Larsen: I can stop sharing my screen, I think I had this problem last time.
Deena Larsen: Hope you guys were able to see my screen.
Ian Hatcher: Oh yeah we saw just find it that was.
Deena Larsen: Beautiful.
Deena Larsen: You may want to.
Deena Larsen: Take control again and because what's been happening in my squad is like lose the chat window or I lose the zoom window up there, it is stop share okay.
Ian Hatcher: I got it.
Thanks.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you so much Tina that was so beautiful it's so.
Ian Hatcher: it's so nice to hear.
Ian Hatcher: you read that work, in particular, I was looking at that text in here me read it.
Ian Hatcher: I mean it.
Ian Hatcher: It opens up a lot of layers.
Deena Larsen: yeah it's kind of fun, because it is paper, there will be a paper version someday um and it's online and we're hoping for a phone version as well again email me if or.
Deena Larsen: If you can help at all.
Deena Larsen: i'll put it in the chat.
Ian Hatcher: All right, thank you again Tina and.
Ian Hatcher: I lay I look forward to seeing then realized next up on our program we have another beloved figure we have David Java Johnston job very ready.
Ian Hatcher: This would be the platform this embodied 20 years of clear.ca yeah i'm I visible, am I audible.
Ian Hatcher: You are Thank you dina that was so beautiful and to darien and Chris like anyway.
david jhave johnston: So I have no idea about how to do performances on zoom.
david jhave johnston: i'm going to share with everyone a Doc in which they can put their chat comment because I find the same thing as Alan those little chat comments that appear over the screen.
david jhave johnston: While i'm working they just be bothersome so please have a conversation i'll be partially watching that document, if you don't have that extra screen well I guess it's a problem.
david jhave johnston: i'm going to do a quick share screen and hopefully.
david jhave johnston: This will all be audible and now I can't see anything right because i've got a single screen so in you're going to tell me if this is going to happen because it's happening.
Ian Hatcher: it's happening.
And is it audible.
david jhave johnston: Are we listening to organic website design and no propaganda pesticides or ideological toxins.
Ian Hatcher: We are.
david jhave johnston: This is not nice so that was 1999 Have we gone anywhere like have we changed as we've moved from these user configurable open apparatuses imagine the joy.
david jhave johnston: of arriving in a place where suddenly you could get words to visibly move, and then the depression that occurs in 2021 when you discover that you.
david jhave johnston: The corporation which sold you the software after you bought a cracked you had a cracked version you bought the software and then they stop a potentially unsafe operation, it feels nasty but let's have a look at this unsafe world.
david jhave johnston: This is January 2001, this is the young carpenter working on like this open space of making things move around in strange ways and enjoying the way the waves open up.
david jhave johnston: Awareness begins outside us and enters to die everything outside begins with enough within this there is nothing, nothing begins nowhere here begins now.
david jhave johnston: The structure of this dawn decaying nebula I have perfectly morbid irrelevant compassionate virtual violence is somehow hoarding everything within the interface.
david jhave johnston: And these interfaces themselves, full of large 832 files and images to alternate 98 files and MP3 is dead doesn't work anymore.
david jhave johnston: So the way I feel about the platform and the pandemic, the whole movement toward the infinite scroll is we've become enamored by the goddamn fucking weeds of corporate control.
david jhave johnston: And that sort of stuff is sprouting over us everywhere there's no way we can explore anymore we're morose and jubilant as we helplessly and hopelessly tried, with a being killed by the corporation somewhere.
david jhave johnston: And this is why recursion is important, why the glistening apparatus a built in code that you do yourself can be so helpful.
david jhave johnston: And that puts us into an interested your region it's somewhere between the life and death portion and almost uttered in dissipation place where timelessness and time enter into a drinking state a place where we'd seen from as many angles, as subjectivity will allow and this.
david jhave johnston: And then, in that resolute silence the proceeds discovery perfection is born itself dies.
david jhave johnston: it's something I can't really speak of.
david jhave johnston: Something just done without me within me.
david jhave johnston: And I lack in this first embodied moment the neuronal capacity to comprehend.
david jhave johnston: Within this hijack brain of the platform of the body on calibrated sensors plasticity will be necessary identity congealed or in continuity def does not exist life oscillate it forms and team desire takes time.
david jhave johnston: And in this we can maybe understand that all code is going to die, all of the bodies code is an old.
david jhave johnston: And somehow in the super abundance of life, things have lost their knowledge of things, and now is it's lost its lost in a warm wet future a profound and illusionary.
david jhave johnston: succulent wild language which is both a thing, and not a thing it's not a deed it's not dead it's somehow indeed in between words and action.
david jhave johnston: it's now here in the debris rolling along the generous infinite passage between virtual platforms, where the blend this of propaganda and mental debris blow everywhere.
david jhave johnston: The hierarchies sprout.
david jhave johnston: animosity takes root.
david jhave johnston: The scene polarizes.
david jhave johnston: So it becomes what you feel and feels what you become nice luminous lush accidents line up to become you memories ash interpretations fire, what are we attached to careening reservoirs of molecules.
david jhave johnston: nucleus mucus strands cleaving like exit ropes clinging to the paper clinging to the certainty of an easy interface.
david jhave johnston: Even as the lump that kills us that kills and clarifies the light of embodied form.
david jhave johnston: The hand and the heat all of the heart of the hair and the skin and breath of love the smell of light.
david jhave johnston: The love that we share in knots the juice that fevers the eaten the merging and arriving all of it is playing as we learn in blind holding and seeking all of it is itching all of it is DNA junk.
david jhave johnston: Space crowds emptiness power accelerating discourse machines that immaculate recursive interested you'll singing, this is an implacable paradox future of flexible pandemic platform and it's an adopter.
david jhave johnston: With solutions so matt space inside the social media feel a little bit paranoid, you know.
david jhave johnston: You get your camera check me how you you regarding what i'm typing my heart rate my dope domain right you got it all worked out.
david jhave johnston: To have you in your voyeuristic malignant curiosity, I want to buy that thing do I want to buy that thing going to click that baby i'm going to put an end to it i'm going to delete all my accounts you don't believe you will Fuck you here it's done it's done hold on.
hold on.
david jhave johnston: I feel better.
david jhave johnston: i'm not anywhere here i'm with the pollen in the air.
david jhave johnston: i'm glad you didn't think I could do it.
david jhave johnston: What does not change is the will to change what does change is the capacity to change the past the beat threshold, what we see on the screen has changed our capacity to change it has changed.
david jhave johnston: just become gear earth the Earth is offline they are there is offline and into the purity of its forms.
david jhave johnston: Along the rigorous provocations slouching like a sacrifice technicals dream.
david jhave johnston: And trillions of galaxies endless cells infinite infinity life is redundant reboot the universe now exponential increase information hemorrhaging you cannot keep up every time you click you hurt reboot the universe now.
david jhave johnston: temporal mental compressing time and ratio of one to 1000 irrelevant moments obscured by seeming relevance effort in bent over backwards, the trees are only tiny sprouts the sky appeal spore boredom begins here universal redundancy made more redundant summer in full serene fury.
david jhave johnston: I build a monument to a dead cow put a photo of it on the plane flew the paint on the Pole and then we enter into the midst transcriptions of survival traction elite from air into species interspecies.
david jhave johnston: disconnected fragments of thoughts that scrutinize discourse like fragile seem strange to the shimmering light, we try to pick it up.
david jhave johnston: We reach down into the exhaust fumes and find a slip of paper on which is written, the history of earth as told by a star that has never had planets of its own.
david jhave johnston: And the following installation has been approved for durable audiences that the corporate branch of your identities core terrible tethered sports seeking threshold uncivilized audiences stern radek dream debris dense emptiness that level to provoke vertigo.
david jhave johnston: Following review has been approved for listed audiences synthetic life neglected desk do not attempt this in your own home.
david jhave johnston: You initialize fog your your life file is almost complete you reserve zero as one your mind is when you're certain morbid devout locked pure devout closed resilient frenetic undecided in different observed.
david jhave johnston: skulls and smiles dichotomies of.
david jhave johnston: Your life is war and war and death.
david jhave johnston: death is like a log wiki to which you have not yet found.
david jhave johnston: Why isn't why isn't why isn't Why is it, why is it, why is it.
david jhave johnston: So if we can understand whoa we skip that one, and if we can feel more.
david jhave johnston: We might feel the word congealed for two.
david jhave johnston: and eventually we might know that grace is arbitrary just an energy.
david jhave johnston: and fears or rivers just energies excitement even is monotony all that dopamine and serotonin being provoked it's just a storm somewhere over the tracks and even the tumors inside us generous complicit civilizations.
david jhave johnston: And truth ah let's look at that sack full of tongues paralyzed.
david jhave johnston: What is a human.
david jhave johnston: palpitating bulging breathing shaking shivering it's a machine it's a machine made for making more machines it's maybe a mind of your mind that's apparently scarred.
david jhave johnston: A mind apparently scarred by other minds it's not intriguing how the metaphor works, how the metaphor is a meat core team rope.
david jhave johnston: I love you.
david jhave johnston: I love you the message is all massage glance at the captions data plumbing network neurology where it is, it makes flesh extrapolations casing backwards, like a mythological blind seer.
david jhave johnston: I never really read mcluhan's books, I only looked at them, I just still the low one or plastic soul, I read the shed other people underlined.
david jhave johnston: it's, not that I believe everything go and it said I know it will.
david jhave johnston: sun and wind breath and skin get over it, so what if we were talking about the end of all, no one life forms.
david jhave johnston: Even as a note a quarter alone word mutation rainwear ellipses continues.
david jhave johnston: Now that i've been ravaged by an intense light that takes a long inside everything is different and everything is much the same.
david jhave johnston: I still have no idea what to say.
david jhave johnston: But I know how I am saying.
david jhave johnston: Increasingly, I am saying it with kindness, because the future is not, cannot and will not ever be remember me.
david jhave johnston: Something come through Thank you, thank you for this.
david jhave johnston: isn't.
david jhave johnston: Exactly exactly so imagine that the books, all the books in the world are printed on your skin they're they're manufactured from your spirit they're.
david jhave johnston: they're set inside your body and that's the kind of raw war field of ancient violence and fleeing and beauty that's guarding the mobile caves, and this is kind of a norm isn't it, but the calm nourishing ground of being his ground in and we're firing firing firing firing fire.
david jhave johnston: Smoke fire.
david jhave johnston: Burning somewhere.
For itself.
david jhave johnston: To the questions answer themselves.
david jhave johnston: To a reckoning.
david jhave johnston: There might be a a mild anxiety that arises from the arbitrary.
david jhave johnston: pressures that arise when you are placed into a cognitive apparatus placed into the devotional space of this very rare human body on this tiny little energetic and fluid planet with it formal language is having a near death platform experience.
david jhave johnston: watching the boulders covered in ancient glyphs.
david jhave johnston: And the gliding symbolic organisms.
david jhave johnston: glowing as they flow through your flash.
david jhave johnston: Everything is born here inside the delight that one feels as one is unfolded by the fabric of being distant body inside the ephemeral esoteric effortless fluid flowing growing grace of time.
david jhave johnston: What is poetry about.
david jhave johnston: i'm not so sure, but maybe it's about orgasms fictions trees windows consciousness absolute the Mandela of identity, maybe it's an egg and beautiful and covered in language.
david jhave johnston: it's self inflicted memories with all shrinkage is it love versus hate hate versus love love.
david jhave johnston: And perhaps in this joyful era, this airport with artificial intelligence toys will figure out loss and perplexity will initialize and implementation.
david jhave johnston: Of fluttering morning plantings through the slow simmering juice mirror of transcendence it's the rotted core of foreign stocks and blue bags and lifeless tech scowls.
david jhave johnston: it's a small Epiphany of many forms.
david jhave johnston: estuary liberation.
david jhave johnston: power with no place to show no need, in this time.
david jhave johnston: ripening.
david jhave johnston: Right ripening.
david jhave johnston: All of it is and snagged gold bloom where the verses endlessly belong to the tips of our fingers.
david jhave johnston: that's your skin.
david jhave johnston: So has practiced its balance in her.
david jhave johnston: You.
david jhave johnston: Can bend language and become the future.
david jhave johnston: So the digital poet formerly known as Java, is now officially retired Thank you Hello.
Thank you all very much.
Ian Hatcher: wow Thank you Thank you today.
um.
Ian Hatcher: I look forward to your post retirement work that she'll be doing.
Ian Hatcher: there's so much in this additional chat window as well.
Ian Hatcher: If anyone hasn't opened that up, I encourage you to take a look, but also, I hope it will not, you will not let it distract you at this moment from our last performance today, which is a featured performance.
Ian Hatcher: than I am very happy to be introducing by carrie C sharp Wang, this is the system 2.0.
Ian Hatcher: carrie are you ready.
carrie wang: Yes, i'm ready.
fantastic.
Candidate 3752 welcome to the content generator qualification test the test is simple, in a given amount of time type as much valid content as possible after each round of the test, you will be reintegrated by reading a list of carefully selected textual content.
carrie wang: confirm your candidate 3752 yes, I confirm, you are a little nervous try deep breathing a few times.
carrie wang: Now, look into the camera focus.
Subject confirmed get ready for the test now.
To pass the test and be a qualified content generator generate 4000 units of content and 540 units of time.
Zero current speed.
470 targets speed.
Units of content generated.
4000 units of content.
hundred 65 units of time.
Words counters valid content.
Was irrelevant.
align yourself with the system.
speed.
615 targets.
zero units of content generated.
carrie wang: Listen repeat and remember my nation intervene and end all conflicts protect us keep you ever free my nation, I interviewing and all conflicts protects us you ever free my nation interviewing and all three.
carrie wang: me it's like high more than the shining mantels of our country invincible may have fly high more than the shining mantels of our country, in principle, may have fly more.
carrie wang: May fly.
focus.
07 hundred five targets.
zero units of content generated.
1000 units of content black.
10 units of time.
Be yourself be a part of the test.
This is more like, but you are still analyzing.
The essence of the game is to stop thinking.
For yourself of logics and knowledge.
Zero speed.
zero units of content generated.
carrie wang: Listen repeat and remember for the flag stands the forests are singing new songs and news for the flax that's the forest singing new songs and use our.
carrie wang: With my struggle and gladiatorial patients drive off i'll enemies, with my struggle gladiatorial patients drive off our enemies.
carrie wang: The dream grows waving and glory everlasting the dream gross waving glory everlasting.
focus.
Zero current speed.
target speed.
You were over complicating things just type.
don't recite slogan embed them into your body.
It is not about what you type it's how you type that matters.
180 units of time.
carrie wang: Listen repeat and remember you have my love and loyalty our country and those who suffer bless their passion, you have my love and loyalty.
carrie wang: Our country those who suffer bless their passion our who, this is our land without honor and peace each day, which is our honor each day this this this honor honor each.
carrie wang: made the laurels be eternal that we may live blissfully under the banner may the lauro's be eternal that way less was fully under by.
carrie wang: That that we live by established and fortify us our beautiful and dear country establish and fortify us our beautiful.
carrie wang: country.
focus.
carrie wang: Listen repeat and remember march forward sons and daughters of this gem beyond compare March for our sons and daughters and beyond compare buttons and.
carrie wang: Beyond on sons and daughters allow our country since the beginning and forever Shelby are guiding light O our countries, since the beginning of every show we are guiding light.
carrie wang: Holding high the banner of so fearless and gracious our objective fate holding high the banner also fearless and gracious are awful.
carrie wang: Oh, so our.
carrie wang: Pricing on word towards the ends and intense dream, a nation pressing forward towards the end and turn stream, a nation all work towards.
carrie wang: towards towards the end.
focus.
70 units of content.
Congratulations candidate 3752 you are one step closer to becoming a content generator in the office of content generation.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you so much, carry for the performance of beautiful.
Ian Hatcher: yeah that was that was absolutely stunning and thank.
You.
Ian Hatcher: For more about carrie and carries work Please see her info and her site that's linked in the accompanying galleries site both the recorded performances that are there and i'll be adding the translated piece.
Ian Hatcher: From from daria and company as well to that and that is the conclusion of our program today.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you to.
Ian Hatcher: To Christopher and daria and dina and Java and carry.
Ian Hatcher: And please feel free, if you like those of you who are here to turn on your camera your MIC to be present, and to express your your applause.
Ian Hatcher: In a.
In another sense, we will.
Jill Walker Rettberg: graduate.
Marjorie Luesebrink: With fabulous.
Jill Walker Rettberg: Jesse says that was legitimate.
david jhave johnston: Thank you.